I'm going to make an earthquake up
down
I must get out of here right now hah hah
hah hah hah hah hah
you
so dr. Doofenshmirtz how was your day at
school it was good I guess let's watch
the news we interrupt the
today's uses that Main Street High
School has a stranger let's see what
everybody means frequent school has to
say about the earthquake
then all of the sudden strange
earthquake to prevent everything inside
was destroyed and it's all thanks to dr.
Gupta tricks because the earthquake and
buckling in context if you're watching
this you must be founded by the parents
Baby Bop DJ and we're using the restroom
but suddenly an earthquake destroyed the
whole school and it was dr.
doofenshmirtz food caused the earthquake
JV dr. judith shoots and you must be
grounded for this
me too me me and Cooper he missed his
classroom working on our math work but
suddenly an earthquake shook the whole
school and everything outside was
destroyed and it was dr. doofenshmirtz
who did all of this and dr.
doofenshmirtz
if you are watching this you must be
grounded by your parents I agree what
Baljeet said
me orange kitten and we hope you were
getting a drink of water but suddenly an
earthquake shook the whole school and
it's all because of dr. Doofenshmirtz
dr. Doofenshmirtz if you're watching
this you must be grounded by your
parents I agree with purple kangaroo I
was in my classroom teaching my students
about friends but just when an
earthquake destroyed the school and it
was Doofenshmirtz who did all of
this dr. doofenshmirtz they're watching
us I was in my office drinking my coffee
but then a stranger earthquake shook the
school and it was dr. Doofenshmirtz who
did all this
dr. doofenshmirtz if you're watching
this you must be grounded by your
parents and you're also expelled from
main street high school that's all the
news we have now see you next time
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh dr.
Doofenshmirtz we both can't believe you
made an earthquake at school today
that's it you're super grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded you must go
to your room right now